And this is the kind of social services that will not only stimulate things like fertility, but also free up some resources for demand.
So I think lots of lessons to be learned from those countries.
What type of a structural reform would be necessary in order to push China to make those changes?
Like in the past, probably if one city government managed to invite more manufacturers to set shopping in their place,
then they actually get rewarded by tax and many other things. So what needs to be changed?
It is true that unless a few fundamental core challenges in the Chinese economy is not resolved over time,
you're going to continue with that imbalance, whether China's economic week or economically strong.
And what is the relationship between local and central government?
Local governments still have the burden of taking up the majority of the expenditure and the social and the local economy,
but it obviously relied in the past a lot on land sales and real estate as a source of revenue.